---
title: Principal’s Message
permalink: /about-us/principal-s-message/
description: ""
---
<p><strong>Our Fuchun Story<br /></strong>The positive core of our school lies in its &ldquo;kampung spirit&rdquo; which has existed since it started in 1985 in the Marsiling / Woodlands neighbourhood. Students came from humble family backgrounds and some from across the Causeway, achieving success in their learning and lives through their education at Fuchun Primary. Our teachers have always given their best for the students, believing that &ldquo;In everything we do, we do it for the students&rdquo;. It was so back then, it is so now and will continue to be so in future. Guided by our school vision, mission, values and motto, every member of the school community, including parents, works hand in hand to build a caring and vibrant school for students. These are the common strands that have been weaved together to form our Fuchun Story throughout the 36 years. We are indeed proud of how far we have come.</p>
<p>In 2022, the school will be embarking on a new phase of growth. Cognizant of the impact of Covid-19 on education, we aim to grow better together as a&nbsp;<strong>nurturing, resilient and forward-looking school community</strong>, leaving no one behind. We will focus on building&nbsp;<strong>caring and enabling school and classroom environments&nbsp;</strong>to meet the evolving needs of our students and staff, anchoring on our school values &ndash;&nbsp;<strong>Passion for Learning, Integrity, Empathy, Respect and Resilience (P.I.E.R&sup2;)</strong>. We will continue to<strong>&nbsp;develop every Fuchunian holistically</strong>&nbsp;as&nbsp;<strong>future-ready</strong>&nbsp;learners, through strong engagement in<strong>&nbsp;joyful learning</strong>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<strong>character building</strong>. We will also forge&nbsp;<strong>stronger partnerships with our parents, Youth Alumni, SAC and community partners</strong>&nbsp;in raising every child to be the best that he/she can be.</p>
<p>Many exciting learning opportunities await our students in 2022. Our&nbsp;<strong>Homeroom Programme</strong>&nbsp;will incorporate interesting and meaningful activities to cultivate positive habits and character traits in our students, as well as provide quality time for our students to build positive relationships with their Form Teachers and classmates. Primary 1 to 3 students can also look forward to a new class-based<strong>&nbsp;modular CCA programme</strong>&nbsp;that aims to develop their interests and talents in music, art and sports. Academically, our students&rsquo; knowledge and skills will be value-added with elements that equip them with 21st Century Competencies and exposure to the &ldquo;Future of Work&rdquo;, through our bilingual&nbsp;<strong>Speak Up! Oracy Programme, Sustainability@Fuchun (S@F) Urban Farming Programme and the Mathematics Spatial Reasoning Programme</strong>. Our new and upgraded school facilities will also be ready in 2022, and we are looking forward to providing our students with more conducive and fun learning spaces to enjoy.</p>
<p>We are confident that our efforts will stand our students and staff in good stead to meet the challenges up ahead. We hope that our Fuchun Story will continue to inspire many more students (past, present and future) to grow up to be healthy, happy and successful individuals who are able to find their life purpose and their place in our society. Let the Fuchun Story live on as we move into 2022! Ever onward!</p>
<p>Yours sincerely,<br />Mrs Eunice Lim</p>